How dare you beat me with this slap
I fought for my father
You are blind
It's your business to favor Chu Mingcui
But I was ordered to treat King Huai
You speak falsely and falsely, you are questioning the will of the Holy Spirit
i
before
Chu Mingcui put wisteria in my sachet
Isn't it just to assassinate the Supreme Emperor Mother?
Then smear the King of Chu to pave the way for you
Now I will rule King Huai
He's got everything to get in the way.
I'm just afraid that after King Huai is cured
Are Yuwen Hao and I winning again?
I don't care how you two seize power
But His Royal Highness the King of Qi
The Supreme Emperor and King Huai are your ambitions
You really have the heart to risk their lives
Pave the way for your own rights?
I won't do that next year
he
He was kind.
He wouldn't do that.
He won't.
Chu Mingcui's intentions are so obvious
It's okay if this silly Bai Tian can't see it
Yuwen Hao is so shrewd that he can't see it
Being played around by him
Which language number is shrewd?
A belly full of grass
Brain full of grass
Who do you call a fool?
Whose head is full of grass talking about you?
I'll go get some medicine for King Huai
I'll go first
What do you want to do?